README

Max Kramer
I affirm that I have adhered to the honor code on this assignment
I used a scanner rather than a filereader and as such was much more likely to run into a null on any file except seuss.txt
The files will run with no NullPointer but they will terminate before M characters are printed most of the time.

java TextGenerator 10 1000 drseuss.txt

GREEN EGGS AND HAM That Sam-I-am! Do you like them, Sam-I-am. Would you, on a boat? I could not, could not, in the dark! Not in a tree! Not in a tree! 
I would not, could not, in a tree. I do not like them anywhere. I do not like them, Sam-I-am. I do not like them anywhere. I do not like them here and there.
Say! I like green eggs and ham. Would you, in the train? I would not eat them on a house? Would you like them. You may like them on a house? Would you like them with a mouse.
THEN He loaded some bags And some milk on a dish! And look! With my tail I can hold up these books! And the Grinch. He got stuck only once, for a moment or two. 
Then he took some red thread And he tied a big horn on top of his store. He lurks in his Lerkim, cold under the smoke-smuggered stars. Now all that was even too small For the 
other Whos' house Leaving crumbs Much too small. But, Whatever that meant, well, I just couldn't guess. That was long, long ago. But each day since that day? Should we tell her 
The things the

GREEN EGGS AND HAM That Sam-I-am! That Sam-I-am! That Sam-I-am! That Sam-I-am! That Sam-I-am! I do not like them anywhere. I would not eat green eggs and ham.
I do not like them. So you say. Try them! Try them! And you may. Try them and you may, I say. Sam! If you will let me be, I will try them. You will see. Say!
I like green eggs and ham! I do! I like them, Sam-I-am. Would you like to shake hands With Thing One and Thing Two. We shook their two hands. 
But our fish said, 'No! No! Make that cat go away! Tell that Cat in the Hat, 'So so so ... I will show you another Good trick that I know!' And then he ran out. 
And, then, fast as a fox, The Cat in the Hat. 'A lot of good tricks. I will show them to you. Your mother Will not mind at all if I do.'
Then Sally and I Saw them run down the hall. We saw those two Things had to stop. Then I said to the cat, 'Now you do as I say. You pack up those Things And you take them away!'
'Oh dear!' said the cat. 'I know some new tricks,' Said the Cat in the Hat. 'I a
